#Snake!

##Goal
The goal is to create an interface to the snake game.
The clients connect to a server which allows to play snake against other players.
At the end of the workshop everyone should atleast have implemented the basic controls needed for the game: navigate up, down, left and right.
Also the user should be able to pick a name and a color for the snake.
Of coarse its possible to show more information in the app, like the current ranking and even a live screen with the current position of the snakes.


##Servers
There are 2 servers running: 

 - http://bak:5000
 - http://vis:5000


##Clone the project
git clone git@github.com:manmetplok/snakeapp.git

##Add a platform
cordova platform add android 

##Run the app (connect a phone first!)
cordova run android

##File locations:
 - www/index.html   ->  The html page thats loaded by cordova.
 - www/js/index.js  ->  The javascript file that contains the logic.

##Available javascript calls:
 - app.start(name, color)   -> Start the game with a username and color for the snake.
 - up()                     -> Move up
 - down()                   -> Move down
 - left()                   -> Move left
 - right()                  -> Move right

##Available websocket messages ( not need for a working app )
Events from server:
 - snakes           -> Send to all clients every few milleseconds with detailed information about each snake. *Use with care*
```
{"name":"snakes","args":[{"type":"snakes","value":[{"name":"henk","color":"#ff0000","id":3,"deaths":0,"length":8,"direction":"right","elements":[[39,22],[40,22],[41,22],[42,22],[43,22],[44,22],[45,22],[46,22]],"kills":0}]}]}
```
 - snakeAdded       -> Send to all clients when a new snake enters the game.
```
{"name":"snakeAdded","args":[{"id":1,"name":"henk"}]}
```
 - snakeRemoved     -> Send to all clients when a snake leaves the game.
```
{"id": 1}
```
 - id               -> Send when the client connects, contains the id for the current client.
```
{"name":"id","args":[{"id":1}]}
```
 
